# Pharmacy Express
_A Medical Store Management System using C++_

Being healthy is one of the essential things that we should acquire most specially these days. Maintaining and having a good health centralizes human happiness and one’s well-being. Without good health, we are all nothing. We wouldn’t be capable of things that we wanted to do and create, so we should give all our attention in having a good lifestyle and health. With the pandemic that we are facing right now, it is really been hard for us to go outside because the virus cannot be seen and can attack us without knowing. The only refuge and shield that we have with the virus, is to avoid social contact, implement social distancing and having a healthy and strong immune system.

Medicines and vitamins are one of the most important things that we should take in order to help boost and strengthen our body and immune system. With the help of this program, it would be easier for a lot of people in a community to have access with all our necessities for us to be healthier and stronger. This medical store management system details medicine purchase supplies, and variety of sell stocks. This would also give easier and efficient access to all customers by automatically generating bill for every transaction made in this program such as buying and selling of stocks. The user can input information like medicine id, cabinet number, name of the supplier, costings while adding medicines to the store. With the help of this program, it would be a lot easier for the buyers to see all the available items and medicines in the medical store without having an effort to go there and unknowingly face the virus.

In this program, I have entailed different functions such as the customer and supplier id in order to log in with the program, welcome and main menu that clearly shows every function and actions you can do with the program, bill slips, menus and availability of medicines for both the supplier and customer, and other essential information that the user needs to know about the supply or medicine that they would want to check.

This system is available for everyone but most specially created to those people who needs help in accordance to their health, but with the protection of not having to be physically present to the store and line up to check their needs and necessities.
